I made a hush okay
well on this thing again so this time
tails he's actually really cute as a
female in my opinion but I guess I just
no matter what
no one cares about your shoes back on
the screen Erica all right back on the
path my house you cold
it's okay oh no just a little war with a
little cheese coming out okay
there no just rambling no no after we do
this can you have it much now instead
your child yeah chop really you asked me
on the YouTube video well I guess it is
related so I won't yell at you for that
yep just ignore our conversation eat you
oh my god Erica couldn't help myself do
not show them things in my room okay
okay okay my parents are asleep so much
I am good all right that isn't really
bad Glarus how much changed if I got
there man sorry my screen is really
dirty
yeah I just get over it wait we forget
anything cuz on sonic we forgot the tail
we always hot glue no five don't yes
alright wait just closer oh my god in
the mouth Erica yeah sorry
wait wait wait wait wait oh man what Oh
Oh fine the mat baby they're all right
all right bye